### Gaining a Foothold

systeminfo - This will spit out a lot of system info

systeminfo | findstr /b /c:"OS Name" /c:"OS Versoin" /c:"System Type" - This will narrow down some results and make it cleaner to read

wmic qfe - This will show different patches and fixes

wmic qfe Caption,Description,HotFixID,InstalledOn - Same but cleaner and easier to read

wmic logicaldisk - This will spit out logical disk information

wmic logicaldisk get caption,description,providername - again, same as previous but cleaner and easier to read

wmic logicaldisk get caption - This gives just a quick drives that have letters


`whoami` - tells you what user you are currently connected as
`whoami /priv` - will show privileges for current user
`whoami /groups` - shows what groups the user is part of.

`net user` - will show the users cached on the current machine
`net user <user>` - will show you information on specified user provided
`net localgroup <group name>` - will show you info about said groups

`ipconfig /all` - will give you ip and other network info
`arp -a` - this spits out the arp table with some network info
`route print` - will spit out the routing table for the device
`netstat -ano` - will spit out active connections on the device.

`findstr /si password *.txt *.ini *.config` - this will look for the string of password in any .txt, .ini, or .config file but only in the directory you are in.  This will not work for directories you are not currently in.

You also have tools like payloadsallthethings and sites like that.  Much info can be gleaned.

Firewall and AV info
`sc query windefend` - will give you info about windows defender.
`sc queryex type= service` - should give you the services running on the machine
`netsh advfirewall firewall dump` - or
`netsh advfirewall firewall show state` - both of these give pretty close to the same info.  One may work and the other may not, depending on the machine you are on.
`netsh firewall show config` - Will show the firewall configuration, showing open ports or other things.