### Initial Enumeration

After gaining low level user, check these items.

System Enumeration  
`hostname`  - gives you the hostname of the system  
`uname -a`  - gives you more system information  
`cat /proc/version` - gives you still more system information  
`cat /etc/issue` - even more system information  
`lscpu` - this will give you hardware information, # of cores, etc.  
`ps aux`  - this will show you the running processes  
`ps aux | grep root`   - this will show you the processes running as root  

What we're looking for in this phase is the architecture and kernel version.  And even the number of cores.  hostname and ps aux for the services.


User Enumeration  
`whoami`  - will give you your username  
`id`  - will give you uid, gid, groups, and other info  
`sudo -l`  - will show you what commands you can run as sudo with no password  
`cat /etc/passwd`  - will give you a list of usernames on the device  
`cat /etc/shadow`   - if you have access, this will give you password hashes  
`cat /etc/group`   - will show you the groups and gids  
`history`  - will show you the history of commands run on the device  
`sudo su -`   - see if you're able to switch to root or superuser  



Network enumeration  
`ifconfig`   - like `ipconfig` in windows  
&ensp;`ip a`  - gives you the same info if `ifconfig` doesn't work  
`route`   - will show you route information from a network  
&ensp;`ip route`   - again, if the `route` command doesn't work  
`arp -a`  - will give you the devices arp tables  
&ensp;`ip neigh`   - again, if `arp -a` doesn't work  
`netstat -ano`  - will show open ports and established connections  


Password Hunting  
`grep --color=auto -rnw '/' -ie "PASSWORD" --color=always 2> /dev/null`  -This might return a lot of different results and will cause the grepped word (password) to be colored in red.  In order to lower the amount of results, try.....  
`grep --color=auto -rnw '/' -ie "PASSWORD=" --color=always 2> /dev/null`    - Put the = at the end of password to look for things where it's saying 'password=' and look at what it is returning then.  

`locate password | more`   - This returns any file or folder that has 'password' in the name.  
The same works here in reverse, if you get too few returns, try widening your search.  
`locate pass | more`  or  
`locate pwd | more`   
See what you get with those two.  

SSH Keys  
`find / -name authorized_keys 2> /dev/null`  
`find / -name id_rsa 2> /dev/null`  
&ensp;These should give you any finds from those, meaning you could have some ssh keys  

