### Passwords and File Permissions

PayloadsAllTheThings on github is again a wonderful resource.


#### Stored Passwords

`history` - can get your some stored passwords that people have typed in before  
`cat .bash_history`  - will give you the bash history which can hold some typed passwords.  

If you find ovpn files, cat them out and you may be able to pull info from there as well.


#### Weak File Permissions

`ls -la`  - will list the files permissions  
&ensp;`ls -la /etc/passwd` will list permissions for the passwd file  
&ensp;&ensp;If we're able to modify the `/etc/passwd` or `/etc/secrets` file, we can do a lot of different things, maybe remove the password placeholder in the passwd file to make that login not need a password.  Or change the hash in the secrets file to something we know.  

If you can read both the passwd and shadow file, you can use a Kali tool called unshadow

`unshadow <passwd file> <shadow file>`

That command will remove the placeholder in the passwd file and put the hash in its place.  Then clear out the accounts that do not have hashes and take the ones with hashes to hashcat.


#### SSH Keys

PayloadsAllTheThings has a couple of scripts to check  
https://swisskyrepo.github.io/InternalAllTheThings/redteam/escalation/linux-privilege-escalation/#ssh-key

authorized_keys are the public keys that have been authorized  
id_rsa is our private key  

If you can grab a key, copy and paste it into a file and then try to use that to SSH into a device using that hash file.

```
gedit id_rsa   # Or whatever you want to call it, paste the key in here
chmod 600 id_rsa   # This sets the file to correct permissions
ssh -i id_rsa root@<ip address>  # You should get a connection if the key is right
```