### Nmap and Manual Scanning

`nmap -T4 -p- -A`  
&ensp;	This command has a few options set  
&ensp;&ensp;		-T4 is the speed.  scale of 1 to 5, 1 being slow, 5 being super fast.  Fast is more likely to get picked up and miss things.  1 is less likely to miss things but will take a while to run through.  
&ensp;&ensp;		-p- is set to scan all ports.  can set -p (port number) to scan specific ports or you can leave it off altogether.  If left off, nmap will scan the top 1000 ports (most common).  
&ensp;&ensp;		-A Give me all info that you can give me.  

Some things to think about:  
&ensp;	-sU or UDP scan can take a long time.  You may not want to always use this one.  
&ensp;	-A may also take a bit longer to run.  Try using this on specific ports after you've identified ports that are open and responding.  

You'll notice that some ports are more eye-catching than others.  80, 443, 139 & 445 (Samba, SMB) could start to stand out.

Also, you want to take notes on any info gathered.  Screenshots, the whole bit.  This will help you later.  Scanning and Enumeration are likely the most important step in a pentest so make sure you are through.  Leave no bit unturned!!

Sometimes you may find that NMAP doesn't work the way you are expecting (this happens sometimes with pivoting).  You can also use some manual methods.

```
#!/bin/bash

if [ "$1" == ""]
then
echo "You forgot an IP address"
echo "Syntax: ./ipsweep.sh 192.168.0"

else
for ip in `seq 1 254`; do
ping -c 1 $1.$ip | grep "64 bytes" | cut -d " " -f 4 | tr -d ":" &
done 
fi
```

You can also use some oneliners as well if you can't make a script on the target device.

`for i in {1..255}; do (ping -c 1 192.168.1.${i} | grep "bytes from" &); done` for IPs

and

`for i in {1..65535}; do (echo > /dev/tcp/192.168.1.1/$i) >/dev/null 2>&1 && echo $i is open; done`

These two will take a good amount of time, so be aware of that.

#### NC Scanning

`nc -nvv -w 1 -z 192.168.50.152 3388-3390`

This is a netcat tcp scan on ports 3388, 3389, and 3390.  `-nvv` is stating numberic only (no DNS) and extra verbose.  `-w` is a timeout in seconds.  `-z` is zero-I/O mode which is used for scanning.

The only major change with udp scan is the `-u` option to indicate a udp scan.  There are also a number of options within netcat that can be opened up and checked with `-h`.