### Insecure File Upload

Insecure file uploads allow you to upload files that contain malicious scripts instead of what is supposed to be uploaded.  There are a couple things to consider on these.

If the checks are only client side, you can use burp suite to bypass them easily enough.  
&ensp;You can check if it's client side by opening the dev tools in your browser and reloading the page while in the network tab of the tools.  You can see if there is a network call back to a server to check the file type.  If there is none, then you know the check is on the client side.

In the example he used burp suite repeater to bypass the filetype check and get files uploaded.  Then he used `fuff` to locate the php file he created and uploaded.  
&ensp;`<?php system($_GET['cmd']); ?>` in order to get the webshell going.  You may need to experiment with this as I had to go find a different one in order to get it to work.

If there is server side checking, then we might try to find out what is being checked.  Is it the file extension, is it the Content-Type parameter, or the magic bytes.

If the file extension is being checked, it can be bypassed with a null character `%00` in the following way.  
&ensp;`filename="file.php%00.png`    in order to try and bypass the check but the server will read the null value and see this file as a php file.  In some with impromper htaccess file settings, you may even be able to leave out the null byte `file.php.png`.  
If the content type is being checked, we can manipulate this and it has no effect on the file itself.  
&ensp;`Content-Type: image/png` or `text/plain` depending on what is allowed.  

Magic Bytes are the first couple bytes of a file.  You can check that with the `head` command on any filetype.  The first thing in the file should list the file type.  Wikipedia lists these and each of their associated filetypes.  
&ensp;If this happens, you will need to play around in order to get it to work but you can drop your php code directly into the png file data in burpsuite.  Some data will need to be kept in order to trick the check but you can likely get it to go after some trial and error.

With file extensions, there are also different file types that may not be locked out.  Search for different file types, such as:  
&ensp;php, php2, phtml, etc.  These are all useable as filetypes and may not be blocked.  The appsecexplained link in the Command Injection notes has some useful info here as well  
