### Directory Traversal

#### Absolute vs Relative Paths

Absolute Path is the whole path, starting from the root directory.  In Windows, this might be `C:\` or in Linux it would be `/`.

Relative Path is just how to get to the path relative to where you are in the file structure.  For example, if you are in the `/home/user/` directory and you wanted to `ls` the the parent folder `/home/` you could use `cd /home/` and then do your `ls`.  You could so just do `ls ../` and that would give you results for the `/home/` directory.  `../` moves you back one tier.  These do not have a limit before causing an error.  You can have 100 `../` in something and it's only going to go to the root directory.  The command would be as follows...

`cat ../../../../etc/passwd`

You can also check for SSH keys. (if you find ssh keys, you'll need to `chmod 400 keyname` in order to use it.

`../../../../../home/offsec/.ssh/id_rsa`


We use `/etc/passwd` to check Linux devices for directory traversal.  For Windows a good file to use as it's readable by all local users is `C:\Windows\System32\drivers\etc\hosts`

Other checkable Windows directories

`C:\inetpub\logs\LogFiles\W3SVC1\`  
`C:\inetpub\wwwroot\web.config`

The `\` vs `/` is tricky.  Linux uses `/` but Windows may require `\` so always try it too.

#### Encoding Special Characters

Now-a-days, the `../` technique is known so many things filter out the characters `.` and `/`.  So we can filter those out if needed.

`%2e` is able to replace the `.` so you would put in `/%2e%2e/%2e%2e/%2e%2e/etc/passwd`.

`%2F` replaces the `/` if it's needed.

Also, if you're using the `curl` command, you may need to add `--path-as-is` in order for it to go correctly.