### Attacking Authentication

##### Brute Force

Depending on the client, you may have a rate limit to adhere to.

We can use burpesuite's intruder tool to try and brute force it.  
We can also use ffuf.  
&ensp;Take the same packet that you sent to intruder, copy and paste it into a text file.  
&ensp;Take the part you want to fuzz (in this case, the password field) and save it  
&ensp;&ensp;`&password=FUZZ`  
&ensp;Then run that file through ffuf  
&ensp;&ensp;`ffuf -request auth0x01.txt -request-proto http -w /usr/share/seclists/SecLists-master/Passwords/xato-net-10-million-passwords-10000.txt`  
&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;This  will take the packet you saved in the txt file and run it through ffuf.  You need to add the `-request-proto http` to the line though.  
&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;Once we know the size we want to ignore we can add `-fs 692` to filter out any response sized 692 and that should leave us with our winner.  
We can also use hydra
&ensp;`hydra -l jeremy -P /usr/share/seclists/SecLists-master/Passwords/xato-net-10-million-passwords-10000.txt http-post://localhost/labs/a0x01.php`  
&ensp;&ensp;This actually looks a bit cleaner than ffuf in its output.  Will also stop when it gets a successful target.  


##### Attacking MFA

In this lab, the MFA was actually not needed at all.  Just used burpesuite to capture the packet and change the login name.

Look for possible logic flaws.  What info can you get about the key?  How many numbers, is it actually required, etc.

##### Different Attack modes

With ffuf you can use the `-mode clusterbomb` in order to get it to password spray for multiple accounts  
&ensp;`ffuf -request packet.txt -request-proto http -mode clusterbomb -w passwords.txt:FUZZPASS -w /usr/share/seclists/Usernames/top-usernames-shortlist.txt:FUZZUSER -fs 3376`  
&ensp;&ensp;This will, like before, take a packet in the form of a txt doc and use the clusterbomb mode.  In the packet text doc, you'll want your two entry points to be labeled `FUZZUSER` and `FUZZPASS` to indicate which item to use in which spot.  
&ensp;&ensp;&ensp;`username=FUZZUSER&password=FUZZPASS`   

You can do the same with burpsuite module, Intruder.  